AMP-92930 Update the condition for insert_id (#183)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sources/amazon-s3.md

### Deduplication with `insert_id`

> Amplitude uses a unique identifier, `insert_id`, to match against incoming events to prevent duplicates. If a new event with a specific `insert_id` is uploaded to Amplitude within 7 days of a previous event with the same `insert_id` and the same `device_id` within the same project, Amplitude drops the new event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplitude uses a unique identifier, `insert_id`, to match against incoming events and prevent duplicates. If within the same project, Amplitude receives an event with `insert_id` and `device_id` values that match the `insert_id` and `device_id` of a different event received within the last 7 days, Amplitude drops the most recent event.
```
